---
title: "Track Reconstruction on the TrackML Detector with Monte Carlo Tree Search"
collection: talks
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/2014-02-01-talk-2
venue: "University of California"
date: 2023-04-14
location: "Berkeley, California"
---

[Poster](http://max-zhao0.github.io/files/MaxZhao_BPURS.pdf)

Given at the poster session for recipients of the BPURS Scholarship, open to a general audience.
\
\
**Abstract:**
\
In collider experiments, the computational problem of reconstructing charged particle
trajectories from the hits left in a detector is known as track reconstruction. There is a push to
integrate machine learning techniques into track reconstruction algorithms as accelerators
become more powerful. To this end, there have been great efforts in pure machine learning
approaches with Graph Neural Networks. On the other hand, we would like to also leverage
existing domain knowledge such as Kalman filtering in conjunction with machine learning
components. Our algorithm does this in the form of the Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS), a
heuristic search algorithm that has found success in other areas of artificial intelligence for its
ability to parse intractable search spaces. The MCTS uses two neural networks, and this
semester we have developed pipelines for generating training data using the simulated
TrackML detector. This brings us close to a full implementation on the TrackML detector, which
given its standard architecture can be used to benchmark performance against existing
algorithms.
